chore: update pull request template (#4650)
mongodb/node-mongodb-native: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Description

#### Summary of Changes

<!-- Please describe the changes in this PR in a high-level overview. -->

##### Notes for Reviewers

<!-- 
If there is any additional context on the changes in the PR that reviewers might find helpful, feel free to make notes in this section.

Otherwise, feel free to remove this section.
-->

#### What is the motivation for this change?

<!--
Remove this section if there is an associated Jira ticket explaining the motiviation for this change. If there is not, please fill this section out with 
information explaining why this change is valuable.
-->

### Release Highlight

<!-- 

> For user facing changes: please provide release notes. Feel free to browse previous releases for example release highlights. For an 
> example PR which has the release notes section filled out, see https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/pull/4642.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors: please leave the release notes section for the Node driver team to fill in. The following instructions are for maintainers.

For user facing changes: please provide release notes. Feel free to browse previous releases for example release highlights.
```

### Description

#### Summary of Changes

<!-- Please describe the changes in this PR in a high-level overview. -->

##### Notes for Reviewers

<!-- 
If there is any additional context on the changes in the PR that reviewers might find helpful, feel free to make notes in this section.

Otherwise, feel free to remove this section.
-->

#### What is the motivation for this change?

<!--
Remove this section if there is an associated Jira ticket explaining the motiviation for this change.  If there is not, please fill this section out with 
information explaining why this change is valuable.
-->

### Release Highlight

<!-- 

> For user facing changes: please fill provide release notes.  Feel free to browse previous release for example release highlights.  For an 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For user facing changes: please provide release notes.  Feel free to browse previous release for example release highlights.  For an 
```

> example PR which has the release notes section filled out, see https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/pull/4642.

Reviewer: It’s true external collaborators can add highlights, and it’s great when they do, but our team ultimately owns making them complete and consistent at release time. I’d rather not imply contributors should decide what makes the list or match our internal best practices in that respect. We also use highlights for external contributions as a way to thank the contributors and it would be odd to ask them to thank themselves. The top portion of the PR description already gives them the opportunity to provide the needed context, from there we can easily copy the relevant parts into the release highlights ourselves.

> example PR which has the release notes section filled out, see https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/pull/4642.

Author: I don't feel strongly.  Removed
